docs/intro/import.mdx, before:

---
id: import
title: How to install ValQ?
sidebar_label: Installing ValQ
---
import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl"; // Add to the top of the file below the front matter.
import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';
import Zoom from "react-medium-image-zoom";
import "react-medium-image-zoom/dist/styles.css";

In this section, you will:
 - Learn how to [install ValQ](#get-valq) on Power BI Desktop
 - [Launch ValQ](#launch-valq)

## Get ValQ

You can use any of the three following ways to get ValQ added to Microsoft Power BI:

1. [Import from file](#1-import-from-file)
2. [Import from AppSource - Marketplace](#2-import-from-appsource---marketplace)
3. [Import from AppSource - My Organization](#3-import-from-appsource---my-organization)

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install1.png')} 
    width={430}
    height={395}/>
  </Zoom>
</div>

## 1. Import from file

This option is used when you have ValQ as a ‘.pbiviz’ file in your local machine.  <br /> <br />
1. a) To get started, click on the three dots under the **Visualizations** pane and choose **Import from file** option
as shown in the image below.
<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install2.png')}
    width={430}
    height={395}/>
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

1. b) Now select the **.pbiviz file** available in your local desktop to import ValQ into Power BI. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install5.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

1. c) Once the file gets imported, you will see the message as shown below. Click OK.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install6.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

1. d) You have successfully added ValQ to Microsoft Power BI. You will be able to see ValQ now under the **Visualizations** pane. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install7.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div>

## 2. Import from AppSource - Marketplace
This option is used to download ValQ from the public AppSource marketplace.  <br /> <br />
2. a) To get started, click on the three dots under the **Visualizations** pane and choose **Import from AppSource** option
as shown in the image below.
<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install3.png')}
    width={430}
    height={395}
/>
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. b) If you have not signed in already, you would be prompted to sign in to access the Marketplace.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install8.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. c) Simply search for ValQ in the search bar and add the app to Power BI by clicking **Add**.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install9.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. d) Once the file gets imported, you will see the message as shown below. Click OK.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install10.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. e) You have successfully added ValQ to Microsoft Power BI. You will be able to see ValQ now under the **Visualizations** pane. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install4.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div>

## 3. Import from AppSource - My Organization 
This option is used to download ValQ from the public AppSource marketplace. <br /> <br />
3. a) To get started, click on the three dots under the **Visualizations** pane and choose **Import from AppSource** option as shown in the image below.
<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install3.png')}
    width={430}
    height={395}
/>
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

3. b) If you have not signed in already, you would be prompted to sign in to access the Marketplace.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install8.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

3. c) Go to **My Organization** tab to identify the ValQ app and click **Add** to get ValQ. <br /> 

> Note <br />
 ValQ will be available here only if the administrator from your organization has enabled ValQ.

<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install12.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

3. d) Once the file gets imported, you will see the message as shown below. Click OK.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install10.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div><br />

3. e) You have successfully added ValQ to Microsoft Power BI. You will be able to see ValQ now under the **Visualizations** pane. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install11.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> 

## Launch ValQ

- To begin, click on the ValQ icon. You will see ValQ visual on the canvas.
  <Zoom>
  <img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install13.png')} />
    </Zoom>

- Expand the visual to fit the screen. You can now start using ValQ by assigning value to the visual.
  <Zoom>
  <img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install14.png')} />
    </Zoom>

Commit message:

Adding the valq1.8 installation guide

docs/intro/import.mdx, after:

---
id: import
title: How to install ValQ?
sidebar_label: Installing ValQ
---
import useBaseUrl from "@docusaurus/useBaseUrl"; // Add to the top of the file below the front matter.
import Link from '@docusaurus/Link';
import Zoom from "react-medium-image-zoom";
import "react-medium-image-zoom/dist/styles.css";

In this section, you will:
 - Learn how to [install ValQ](#get-valq) on Power BI Desktop
 - [Launch ValQ](#launch-valq)


> Refer the <Link to={useBaseUrl('docs/valq1.8/private-tenant-install-guide')}>ValQ1.8 Private Tenant Installation Guide</Link> for a step by step guideline.


## Get ValQ

You can use any of the three following ways to get ValQ added to Microsoft Power BI:

1. [Import from file](#1-import-from-file)
2. [Import from AppSource - Marketplace](#2-import-from-appsource---marketplace)
3. [Import from AppSource - My Organization](#3-import-from-appsource---my-organization)

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install1.png')} 
    width={430}
    height={395}/>
  </Zoom>
</div>

## 1. Import from file

This option is used when you have ValQ as a ‘.pbiviz’ file in your local machine.  <br /> <br />
1. a) To get started, click on the three dots under the **Visualizations** pane and choose **Import from file** option
as shown in the image below.
<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install2.png')}
    width={430}
    height={395}/>
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

1. b) Now select the **.pbiviz file** available in your local desktop to import ValQ into Power BI. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install5.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

1. c) Once the file gets imported, you will see the message as shown below. Click OK.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install6.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

1. d) You have successfully added ValQ to Microsoft Power BI. You will be able to see ValQ now under the **Visualizations** pane. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install7.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div>

## 2. Import from AppSource - Marketplace
This option is used to download ValQ from the public AppSource marketplace.  <br /> <br />
2. a) To get started, click on the three dots under the **Visualizations** pane and choose **Import from AppSource** option
as shown in the image below.
<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install3.png')}
    width={430}
    height={395}
/>
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. b) If you have not signed in already, you would be prompted to sign in to access the Marketplace.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install8.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. c) Simply search for ValQ in the search bar and add the app to Power BI by clicking **Add**.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install9.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. d) Once the file gets imported, you will see the message as shown below. Click OK.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install10.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

2. e) You have successfully added ValQ to Microsoft Power BI. You will be able to see ValQ now under the **Visualizations** pane. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install4.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div>

## 3. Import from AppSource - My Organization 
This option is used to download ValQ from the public AppSource marketplace. <br /> <br />
3. a) To get started, click on the three dots under the **Visualizations** pane and choose **Import from AppSource** option as shown in the image below.
<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install3.png')}
    width={430}
    height={395}
/>
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

3. b) If you have not signed in already, you would be prompted to sign in to access the Marketplace.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install8.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

3. c) Go to **My Organization** tab to identify the ValQ app and click **Add** to get ValQ. <br /> 

> Note <br />
 ValQ will be available here only if the administrator from your organization has enabled ValQ.

<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install12.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> <br />

3. d) Once the file gets imported, you will see the message as shown below. Click OK.
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install10.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div><br />

3. e) You have successfully added ValQ to Microsoft Power BI. You will be able to see ValQ now under the **Visualizations** pane. 
<br />

<div style={{textAlign: 'center'}}>
  <Zoom>
<img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install11.png')} />
  </Zoom>
</div> 

## Launch ValQ

- To begin, click on the ValQ icon. You will see ValQ visual on the canvas.
  <Zoom>
  <img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install13.png')} />
    </Zoom>

- Expand the visual to fit the screen. You can now start using ValQ by assigning value to the visual.
  <Zoom>
  <img alt="ValQ get" src={useBaseUrl('/doc-images/install/install14.png')} />
    </Zoom>
